1.)Python is a computer language that can be interpreted by a computer to complete high level functions. Something interesting about python is that it is object oriented meaning programmers can create different classes and objects which can help create dynamic and powerful code that can be used for many jobs. Python also has very simple syntax which makes it very easy for anyone to learn. Many people describe the language as readable as you can read the code and know what it does. Python works with packages meaning that you can save and reuse code very easily. Most people love this language because of how easy it is to use and how effective it is. If there are issues and bugs, they are very simple to fix. The interper finds the mistake and warns the user about it. Overall python is an international code that allows the user to make complex functions easily.

2.)Data types are simply classifications of data, more specifically it represents what data can be stored or used. The types of data are numeric,sequence,boolean,dictionary. Numeric data sets are exactly what they sound like, it stores numbers. Sequence allows to store a larger amount of values, these include strings. Boolean is a data type that are true or false statements, if the statement is true the interpreter will go to the next step, if not the code stops there. Dictionary is data that is stored and used in a map, it is paired with key-value pairs. The key-value pair helps map the key to where it needs to be.

3.)A function in python is written code that works together when it is called. Before a function can be  considered a function it must be defined. Once it is defied it can be called and used anywhere and can return a statement or value. A function is a powerful feature because it allows programmers to write a specific code once. After it is written it can be called and run whenever the programmer wants. This is effective because it helps with organization and decreases reptitation.

4.)The purpose of a Python print statement is to print the output of the code that is ran. The print statement has many parameters, which include objects,separator,end,file and flush. For example objects, they have no limit to how many can be printed. First they are converted to string then they are printed. The separator parameter is used to separate specific objects. The end function which is not commonly used tells the program what to print at the end. A file is simply an object with a write method. A write method is just a text that is fixed to a file. Finally the flush parameter is a boolean data type that only gives and output if the statement is true.